2389 Send notifications if a webhook endpoint is still disabled. (#2406)
freelawproject/courtlistener: cl/api/templates/emails/webhook_still_disabled.txt

{% if first_name %}
Hello {{ first_name }},
{% else %}
Hello,
{% endif %}

> This is a reminder about one of your webhook endpoints is still disabled.
> It was disabled on {{webhook.date_modified}} due to multiple consecutive failures.
> 
> Please find more details below:
> Webhook Type: {{ webhook.get_event_type_display }}
> Webhook Endpoint: {{ webhook.url }}
> 
> 
> To re-enable this webhook, review your logs in the webhook settings to see the responses we are getting from your server. Once your server is fixed, you can re-enable the webhook in your settings:
> https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'view_webhooks' %}
> 
> Thank you for looking into this.
> 
> If you need further assistance, please contact support:
> https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'contact' %}
> 
> Sincerely,
> 
> The FLP Bots

Reviewer: A few tweaks here:

```suggestion
This is a reminder that one of your webhook endpoints is still disabled.

It was disabled on {{webhook.date_modified}} due to multiple consecutive failures.

Please find more details below:
 - Webhook Type: {{ webhook.get_event_type_display }}
 - Webhook Endpoint: {{ webhook.url }}

To re-enable this webhook, review your webhook logs to see the responses we are getting from your server.

XXX Link to logs

Once your server is fixed, re-enable the webhook in your settings:

https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'view_webhooks' %}

Thank you for looking into this.

If you need further assistance, please let us know:

https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'contact' %}

Sincerely,

The FLP Bots
```

Author: Thanks, changed.
